I'm leaving today.
Resignation letter will be made up tomorrow
Xiao Xu, since the matter has been investigated clearly
Marty's business has nothing to do with you
I don't approve of your resignation.
Thank you for your trust.
But I don't want to see you anymore
In case someone pursues it later
I wouldn't dare to be tied up and have the courage to make myself up with someone like you
Hey, I'll take a call first, wait a minute, wait a minute?
Hey, what's up?
You want to withdraw
Boss Wang really has no contract spirit
What about Wang Rongchang?
It was also because I fell in love with horseshoes
So spend a lot of money
Now that the two have broken up
This investment is naturally gone
As for what contract is not a contract
I grew up with a heart like this.
Xiao Xu, that
I'm still optimistic about you.
You were promoted by me
What about this sponsorship?
There will be later.
Or stay
Director, are you not afraid that I will cause you trouble like the horse body?
The 50 million cheque is a special project advertisement for financial inquiries
Chinese Style Group
50 million, does that Chinese group have anything to do with our next project?
The requirement is that the female live streaming host used by finance must be a school lady
Xu live streaming host
This is the invitation letter for the financial collapse of Harbor City in 3 days
Please be sure to come
Thanks.
Xiao Xu
This summit is even our platform gate can only sit on the side
I presume that the Zhou family must have given you the front seat, right?
You have to take good care of it, go
Open your eyes, I'm just your temporary rush
Why are you doing this?